Document precompiled Groovy script plugins (#12704)
gradle/gradle: subprojects/docs/src/docs/release/notes.md

Take a look at [the documentation](userguide/dependency_locking.html#single_lock_file_per_project) for more information and how to enable the feature.

## Precompiled Groovy script plugins

> Gradle now allows precompiled script plugins to be written in Groovy in addition to already present Kotlin DSL support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gradle now allows precompiled script plugins to be written using the Groovy DSL in addition to the Kotlin DSL.
```

> Precompiled script plugins are binary plugins that are written in one of Gradle's DSLs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Precompiled script plugins are binary plugins that are written in one of Gradle's DSL languages and look like regular build scripts.
```

They can be resolved and applied using the `plugins {}` block. They can also be published and shared just like regular binary plugins.

> For example, a Gradle script in `buildSrc/src/main/groovy/my-plugin.gradle` can be used as a plugin in the main project as `plugins { id 'my-plugin'}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, a Gradle script in `buildSrc/src/main/groovy/my-plugin.gradle` can be used as a plugin in the main project as `plugins { id 'my-plugin' }`.
```

> Precompiled script plugins are covered in more depth in the [user guide](userguide/custom_plugins.html#sec:precompiled_plugins).

Reviewer: We try to use 'user manual' over 'user guide' (even though the url is still userguide).

```suggestion
Precompiled script plugins are covered in more depth in the [user manual](userguide/custom_plugins.html#sec:precompiled_plugins).
```
